What do you want?
What do I want?
You can afford tens of thousands of luxury bags.
Can you afford a BMW for 300,000 or 400,000?
No diploma like you
Two incompetent poor losers
Can you afford a house in the city? Sister-in-law tells you
Want to pick up girls?
No money but no
Qiuya is very good at serving me
And thank you for leaving me his first time
Ha ha.
Is this Mr. Jiang's car?
How did he come back to the company?
You are talking about the first consortium in the New Year area.
Executive Director of the Star Consortium
Mr. Jiang, why are you free to come here?
Master, I'm here to pick you up
How could Mr. Jiang of the traditional Chinese medicine consortium be called Master Shen Yi?
Stagecoach?
We don't have a Rolls-Royce at home, do we?
There are a dozen
I can give it to you if you like.
As for real estate
We have a lot of villas.
You can live in whichever building you want
If you don't like life in a big city
Our family also has many scenic spots at home and abroad.
I can give you any real estate you like.
Comfortable, I was wrong.
He seduced me
The person I love the most is still your comfort
Forgot to tell me
Amnesia never lacks women
And